Update lots gradle changes (#2993)
JetBrains/kotlin-web-site: docs/topics/kapt.md

kapt.classloaders.cache.disableForProcessors=[annotation processors full names]
```

> ### Measuring performance of each processor

Author: ```suggestion
### Measuring performance of annotation processors
```

> ### Measuring performance statistics for each processor

Author: ```suggestion
### Measuring performance of each processor
```

> You can get statistics on the annotation processors execution using the `-Kapt-show-processor-timings` plugin option. 

Author: ```suggestion
You can get a performance statistics on the annotation processors execution using the `-Kapt-show-processor-timings` plugin option. 
```

> You can print statistics on the annotation processors execution using the `-Kapt-show-processor-timings` plugin option. 

Author: ```suggestion
You can get statistics on the annotation processors execution using the `-Kapt-show-processor-timings` plugin option. 
```

> You can get a performance statistics on the annotation processors execution using the `-Kapt-show-processor-timings` plugin option. 

Author: ```suggestion
Get a performance statistics on the annotation processors execution using the `-Kapt-show-processor-timings` plugin option. 
```

An example output:

> ```

Author: ```suggestion
```kotlin
```

Kapt Annotation Processing performance report:
com.example.processor.TestingProcessor: total: 133 ms, init: 36 ms, 2 round(s): 97 ms, 0 ms
com.example.processor.AnotherProcessor: total: 100 ms, init: 6 ms, 1 round(s): 93 ms
```

You can dump this report into a file with the plugin option [`-Kapt-dump-processor-timings` (`org.jetbrains.kotlin.kapt3:dumpProcessorTimings`)](https://github.com/JetBrains/kotlin/pull/4280). 

> The following command will run kapt and dump the statistics to the file `ap-perf-report.file`:

Author: ```suggestion
The following command will run kapt and dump the statistics to the `ap-perf-report.file` file:
```

> ```

Author: ```suggestion
```kotlin
```

kotlinc -cp $MY_CLASSPATH \
-Xplugin=kotlin-annotation-processing-SNAPSHOT.jar -P \
plugin:org.jetbrains.kotlin.kapt3:aptMode=stubsAndApt,\
plugin:org.jetbrains.kotlin.kapt3:apclasspath=processor/build/libs/processor.jar,\
plugin:org.jetbrains.kotlin.kapt3:dumpProcessorTimings=ap-perf-report.file \
-Xplugin=$JAVA_HOME/lib/tools.jar \
-d cli-tests/out \
-no-jdk -no-reflect -no-stdlib -verbose \
sample/src/main/
```

> ### Measuring number of generated files for each processor

Author: ```suggestion
### Measuring number of files generated with annotation processors
```

> ### Measuring number of files generated with annotation processors

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Measuring the number of files generated with annotation processors
```

> The `kotlin-kapt` Gradle plugin can report statistics on the number of generated files for each annotation processor.

Author: For tech writers: probably I need to start both these sections similarly? What do you think is better: "You can..." or "The `kotlin-kapt` Gradle plugin can report statistics..."?

This is useful to track if there are unused annotation processors as a part of the build. 
You can use the generated report to find modules that trigger unnecessary annotation processors and update the modules to prevent that.

Enable the statistics in two steps:
* Set the `showProcessorStats` flag to `true` in your `build.gradle.kts`:

  ```kotlin
  kapt {
      showProcessorStats = true
  }
  ```

* Set the `kapt.verbose` Gradle property to `true` in your `gradle.properties`:

  ```properties
  kapt.verbose=true
  ```

> You can also enable verbose output via the [command line option `verbose`](#using-in-cli).
>
> {type=”note”}

The statistics will appear in the logs with the [`info`](https://docs.gradle.org/current/userguide/logging.html#sec:choosing_a_log_level) level. 
You'll see the `Annotation processor stats:` line, and then statistics on each annotation processor execution time. 

> After these lines, there will be the `Generated files report:` line, and then statistics on the amount of generated files for each annotation processor. 

Author: This is rewritte after the proofread.

For example:

> ```

Author: ```suggestion
```kotlin
```
